The next thing I would like us to do is I would like us to put a spinner to kind of show the user that
something is happening in the background, OK, and for that, we have the perfect site here in progress.
OK, so if we are in progress, if this flag is set to true, then we can show kind of a spinner on
the Sign-Up screen.
All right.
So that will be quite easy to do.
First of all, let's create the spinner.
And since we're going to use this spinner in multiple locations throughout our application, I'm going
to put it here in the main common bits file and I'm going to create a composable here.
OK, so we're going to call this fun something like common spinner.
Let's say common progress spinner, OK, so we're going to just show a progress spinner whenever we
do something in the background.
Now here I'm going to create a row and a modifier.
Dot.
So first of all, we're going to add some alpha.
I want it a bit transparent, so I'm going to say 0.5 f, then I'm going to add a background color dot
light gray.
Okay, so kind of a light gray, transparent color dot clickable.
So I want to intercept all the clicks.
OK, so I don't want the user to be able to do anything with the UI while the spinner is go is on the
screen.
So I'm going to set clickable enabled equals false.
OK, and finally fill max size.
OK, so the spinner is basically going to fill the maximum size and we're going to limit that depending
on the situation, on the element where we are in the application.
All right.
So that is our modifier.
Now we need to add a horizontal arrangement equals arrangement center and also a vertical alignment,
also alignment center vertically.
OK, we want the spinner right in the middle of whatever element we are displayed on top.
And here I have a circular progress indicator.
OK, that's a standard composable.
So basically, this will display a spinner on top of whatever element we would like, and we're going
to add it to our sign up screen.
So here I'm going to add it right below.
Right below this column, but still inside the box, the box is meant to allow us to put something on
top of this column.
OK, so here I'm going to have VAR.
Val Val is loading.
Is going to be VMD, not in progress, the value that we're going to have an if is loading, then I'm
simply going to display the common progress spinner.
And that's pretty much all there is to it, so we just display it here inside our box that is filled
max size, so the spinner will basically cover the whole screen.
So let's run the application and test it out.
OK, so that is running, you already saw the spinner kind of running there while we were retrieving
the data from the backend API.
Now let's go ahead and create a new user.
So let's say a b c a b c at Gmail dot com one two three four five six.
OK, so if I sign up, I have the spinner in the foreground and then it is.
It has processed something in the backend.
We don't see any result on the UI because we haven't implemented that yet, but we can see it in the
in the Firebase console like we have previously.
So we know that this is working and now we have a spinner.
All right, that's it for now.
I will see you in the next video.